docs: update @ngrx/store-devtools examples to standalone (#4558)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/store-devtools/install.md

1. Update `package.json` > `dependencies` with `@ngrx/store-devtools`.
2. Run `npm install` to install those dependencies. 

> 3. Update your project is using a `standalone bootstrap`, it adds `provideStoreDevtools({ maxAge: 25, logOnly: !isDevMode() })` into the application config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the devtools to the application config provider's using `provideStoreDevtools({ maxAge: 25, logOnly: !isDevMode() })`. The `maxAge` property will be set to the flag `maxAge` if provided.
```
